Deliverables/axioms.md, before:

# SOL of Life

![All Together](/schema-diagrams/all-together/all-together.jpg)  

## Asteroid
![Asteroids](/schema-diagrams/asteroid/asteroid.jpg)  

### Axioms
1. * `Asteroid SubClassOf FeatureOfInterest` <br />
Every Asteroid is a Feature of Interest.
2. * `NearEarthAsteroid SubClassOf Asteroid` <br />
Every NearEarthAsteroid is an Asteroid.
3. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasNumericID only xsd:int` <br />
The scoped range of hasNumericID, scoped by Asteroid, is an xsd:integer.
4. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasNumericID exactly 1 xsd:int` <br />
Every Asteroid has exactly 1 Numeric ID. 
5. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasCommonName only rdfs:Literal` <br />
The scoped range of hasCommonName, scoped by Asteroid, is an rdfs:Literal
6. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasCommonName max 1 rdfs:Literal` <br />
Every Asteroid has at maximum 1 Common Name. 
7. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDiscoveryName only rdfs:Literal` <br />
The scoped range of hasDiscoveryName, scoped by Asteroid, is an rdfs:Literal
8. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDiscoveryName exactly 1 rdfs:Literal` <br />
Every Asteroid has exactly 1 Discovery Name.
9. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasAsteroidClassification only AsteroidClassification` <br />
The scoped range of hasAsteroidClassification, scoped by Asteroid, is AsteroidClassification
10. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasAsteroidClassification exactly 1 AsteroidClassification` <br />
Every Asteroid has exactly 1 AsteroidClassification.
11. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDistanceRecord only DistanceRecord` <br />
The scoped range of hasDistanceRecord, scoped by Asteroid, is DistanceRecord
12. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDistanceRecord min 0 DistanceRecord` <br />
Every Asteroid has at minimum 0 DistanceRecord.
13. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasObservation only Observation` <br />
The scoped range of hasObservation, scoped by Asteroid, is Observation
14. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasObservation min 1 Observation` <br />
Every Asteroid has at minimum 1 Observation.

## AsteroidClassification
![Asteroid Classification Types](/schema-diagrams/asteroid-classification/asteroid-classification.jpg)

### Axioms
1. * `AsteroidClassification SubClassOf EntityWithProvenance` <br />
Every AsteroidClassification is an Entity With Provenance .
2. * `AsteroidClassification SubClassOf hasSMASSIIClass only SMASSIIClass` <br />
The scoped range of hasSMASSIIClass, scoped by AsteroidClassification, is SMASSIIClass.
3. * `AsteroidClassification SubClassOf hasSMASSIIClass exactly 1 SMASSIIClass` <br />
Every AsteroidClassification has exactly 1 SMASSII Class.
4. * `ElementalComposition SubClassOf derivesFrom min 1 SMASSIIClass` <br />
Every ElementalComposition is derived from at minimum 1 SMASSII Class.
5. * `ElementalComposition SubClassOf hasElement only dbo:ChemicalElement` <br />
The scoped range of hasElement, scoped by ElementalComposition, is dbo:ChemicalElement.
6. * `ElementalComposition SubClassOf hasElement min 1 dbo:ChemicalElement` <br />
Every ElementalComposition has at minimum 1 Element.
7. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasElementalComposition only ElementalComposition` <br />
The scoped range of hasElementalComposition, scoped by SMASSIIClass, is ElementalComposition.
8. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasElementalComposition exactly 1 ElementalComposition` <br />
Every SMASSIIClass has exactly 1 ElementalComposition.
9. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasLabel only rdfs:Literal` <br />
The scoped range of hasLabel, scoped by SMASSIIClass, is an rdfs:Literal.
10. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasLabel exactly 1 rdfs:Literal` <br />
Every SMASSIIClass has exactly 1 Label.
  
## DistanceRecord
![image](/schema-diagrams/distance-record/distance-record.jpg)

### Axioms
1. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf EntityWithProvenance` <br />
Every DistanceRecord is an Entity With Provenance.
2. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf hasResult exactly 1 Result` <br />
Every DistanceRecord has exactly 1 Result.
3. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf hasTemportalExtent only TemporalExtent` <br />
Every DistanceRecord has a Temporal Extent as only Temporal Extents.
4. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf hasTemportalExtent exactly 1 TemporalExtent` <br />
Every DistanceRecord has exactly 1 Temporal Extent.

## Entity With Provenance 
![image](/schema-diagrams/entity-with-provenance/entity-with-provenance.jpg)

### Axioms
1. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf generatedBy only ProvenanceActivity` <br />
Every EntityWithProvenance is only generated by a Provenance Activity.
2. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf generatedBy exactly 1 ProvenanceActivity` <br />
Every EntityWithProvenance is generated by exactly 1 Provenance Activity.
3. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf attributedTo only Agent` <br />
Every EntityWithProvenance is only attributed to by an Agent.
4. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf attributedTo exactly 1 Agent` <br />
Every EntityWithProvenance is attributed to by exactly 1 Agent.
5. * `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf performedBy only Agent` <br />
Every ProvenanceActivity is only performed by an Agent.
6. * `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf performedBy exactly 1 Agent` <br />
Every ProvenanceActivity is performed by exactly 1 Agent.
7. *  `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf hasDescription only xsd:string` <br />
Every ProvenanceActivity has a Description, which is only represented as a xsd:string.
8. *  `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf hasDescription exactly 1 xsd:string` <br />
Every ProvenanceActivity has exactly 1 Description.
9. *  `Agent SubClassOf hasName only xsd:string` <br />
Every Agent has a Name, which is only represented as an xsd:string.
10. *  `Agent SubClassOf hasName exactly 1 xsd:string` <br />
Every Agent has exactly 1 Name.

## Observation
![image](/schema-diagrams/observation/observation.jpg)  

### Axioms
1. * `Observation SubClassOf hasFeatureOfInterest only Asteroid` <br />
Every Observation has a Feature of Interest, which is only an Asteroid.
2. * `Observation SubClassOf hasFeatureOfInterest exactly 1 Asteroid` <br />
Every Observation has exactly 1 Feature of Interest, which is an Asteroid.
3. * `Observation SubClassOf hasObservableProperty only ObservableProperty` <br />
Every Observation has an ObservableProperty as only ObservableProperties.
4. * `Observation SubClassOf hasObservableProperty exactly 1 ObservableProperty` <br />
Every Observation has exactly 1 ObservableProperty.
5. * `Observation SubClassOf hasResult exactly 1 Result` <br />
Every Observation has exactly 1 Result.
6. * `Observation SubClassOf EntityWithProvenance` <br />
Every Observation is an Entity With Provenance.
7. * `EconomicProperty SubClassOf ObservableProperty` <br />
Every EconomicProperty is an Observable Property.
8. * `OrbitalProperty SubClassOf ObservableProperty` <br />
Every OrbitalProperty is an Observable Property.
9. * `PhysicalProperty SubClassOf ObservableProperty` <br />
Every PhysicalProperty is an Observable Property.

## Result
![image](/schema-diagrams/result/result.jpg)

### Axioms
1. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityValue only QuantityValue` <br />
Every Quantity has a Quantity Value as only QuantityValues.
2. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityKind only QuantityKind` <br />
Every Quantity has a Quantity Kind as only QuantityKinds.
3. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityKind exactly 1 QuantityKind` <br />
Every Quantity has exactly 1 Quantity Kind.
4. *  `Result SubClassOf hasQuantity only Quantity` <br />
Every Result has a Quantity as only Quantities.
5. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityValue exactly 1 QuantityValue` <br />
Every Quantity has exactly 1 Quantity Value.
6. *  `Result SubClassOf hasQuantity exactly 1 Quantity` <br />
Every Result has exactly 1 Quantity.
7. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasNumericValue only xsd:double` <br />
Every QuantityValue has a Numeric Value, which is only represented as an xsd:double.
8. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasNumericValue exactly 1 xsd:double` <br />
Every QuantityValue has exactly 1 Numeric Value.
9. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasUnit only Unit` <br />
Every QuantityValue has a Unit as only Units.
10. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasUnit exactly 1 Unit` <br />
Every QuantityValue has exactly 1 Unit.
11. *  `Result SubClassOf  inverse (hasResult) exactly 1 (Observation or DistanceRecord)`
Every Result belongs to exactly 1 Observation or DistanceRecord.

### Remarks
* A result can be associated with a DistanceRecord or an Observation

Commit message:

Updates descriptions for remaining Scoped Range

Deliverables/axioms.md, after:

# SOL of Life

![All Together](/schema-diagrams/all-together/all-together.jpg)  

## Asteroid
![Asteroids](/schema-diagrams/asteroid/asteroid.jpg)  

### Axioms
1. * `Asteroid SubClassOf FeatureOfInterest` <br />
Every Asteroid is a Feature of Interest.
2. * `NearEarthAsteroid SubClassOf Asteroid` <br />
Every NearEarthAsteroid is an Asteroid.
3. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasNumericID only xsd:int` <br />
The scoped range of hasNumericID, scoped by Asteroid, is an xsd:integer.
4. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasNumericID exactly 1 xsd:int` <br />
Every Asteroid has exactly 1 Numeric ID. 
5. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasCommonName only rdfs:Literal` <br />
The scoped range of hasCommonName, scoped by Asteroid, is an rdfs:Literal
6. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasCommonName max 1 rdfs:Literal` <br />
Every Asteroid has at maximum 1 Common Name. 
7. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDiscoveryName only rdfs:Literal` <br />
The scoped range of hasDiscoveryName, scoped by Asteroid, is an rdfs:Literal
8. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDiscoveryName exactly 1 rdfs:Literal` <br />
Every Asteroid has exactly 1 Discovery Name.
9. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasAsteroidClassification only AsteroidClassification` <br />
The scoped range of hasAsteroidClassification, scoped by Asteroid, is AsteroidClassification
10. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasAsteroidClassification exactly 1 AsteroidClassification` <br />
Every Asteroid has exactly 1 AsteroidClassification.
11. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDistanceRecord only DistanceRecord` <br />
The scoped range of hasDistanceRecord, scoped by Asteroid, is DistanceRecord
12. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasDistanceRecord min 0 DistanceRecord` <br />
Every Asteroid has at minimum 0 DistanceRecord.
13. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasObservation only Observation` <br />
The scoped range of hasObservation, scoped by Asteroid, is Observation
14. * `Asteroid SubClassOf hasObservation min 1 Observation` <br />
Every Asteroid has at minimum 1 Observation.

## AsteroidClassification
![Asteroid Classification Types](/schema-diagrams/asteroid-classification/asteroid-classification.jpg)

### Axioms
1. * `AsteroidClassification SubClassOf EntityWithProvenance` <br />
Every AsteroidClassification is an Entity With Provenance .
2. * `AsteroidClassification SubClassOf hasSMASSIIClass only SMASSIIClass` <br />
The scoped range of hasSMASSIIClass, scoped by AsteroidClassification, is SMASSIIClass.
3. * `AsteroidClassification SubClassOf hasSMASSIIClass exactly 1 SMASSIIClass` <br />
Every AsteroidClassification has exactly 1 SMASSII Class.
4. * `ElementalComposition SubClassOf derivesFrom min 1 SMASSIIClass` <br />
Every ElementalComposition is derived from at minimum 1 SMASSII Class.
5. * `ElementalComposition SubClassOf hasElement only dbo:ChemicalElement` <br />
The scoped range of hasElement, scoped by ElementalComposition, is dbo:ChemicalElement.
6. * `ElementalComposition SubClassOf hasElement min 1 dbo:ChemicalElement` <br />
Every ElementalComposition has at minimum 1 Element.
7. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasElementalComposition only ElementalComposition` <br />
The scoped range of hasElementalComposition, scoped by SMASSIIClass, is ElementalComposition.
8. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasElementalComposition exactly 1 ElementalComposition` <br />
Every SMASSIIClass has exactly 1 ElementalComposition.
9. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasLabel only rdfs:Literal` <br />
The scoped range of hasLabel, scoped by SMASSIIClass, is an rdfs:Literal.
10. * `SMASSIIClass SubClassOf hasLabel exactly 1 rdfs:Literal` <br />
Every SMASSIIClass has exactly 1 Label.
  
## DistanceRecord
![image](/schema-diagrams/distance-record/distance-record.jpg)

### Axioms
1. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf EntityWithProvenance` <br />
Every DistanceRecord is an Entity With Provenance.
2. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf hasResult exactly 1 Result` <br />
Every DistanceRecord has exactly 1 Result.
3. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf hasTemporalExtent only TemporalExtent` <br />
The scoped range of hasTemporalExtent, scoped by DistanceRecord, is TemporalExtent.
4. * `DistanceRecord SubClassOf hasTemportalExtent exactly 1 TemporalExtent` <br />
Every DistanceRecord has exactly 1 Temporal Extent.

## Entity With Provenance 
![image](/schema-diagrams/entity-with-provenance/entity-with-provenance.jpg)

### Axioms
1. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf generatedBy only ProvenanceActivity` <br />
The scoped range of generatedBy, scoped by EntityWithProvenance, is ProvenanceActivity.
2. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf generatedBy exactly 1 ProvenanceActivity` <br />
Every EntityWithProvenance is generated by exactly 1 Provenance Activity.
3. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf attributedTo only Agent` <br />
The scoped range of attributedTo, scoped by EntityWithProvenance, is Agent.
4. * `EntityWithProvenance SubClassOf attributedTo exactly 1 Agent` <br />
Every EntityWithProvenance is attributed to by exactly 1 Agent.
5. * `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf performedBy only Agent` <br />
The scoped range of performedBy, scoped by ProvenanceActivity, is Agent.
6. * `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf performedBy exactly 1 Agent` <br />
Every ProvenanceActivity is performed by exactly 1 Agent.
7. *  `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf hasDescription only xsd:string` <br />
The scoped range of hasDescription, scoped by ProvenanceActivity, is an xsd:string.
8. *  `ProvenanceActivity SubClassOf hasDescription exactly 1 xsd:string` <br />
Every ProvenanceActivity has exactly 1 Description.
9. *  `Agent SubClassOf hasName only xsd:string` <br />
The scoped range of hasName, scoped by Agent, is an xsd:string.
10. *  `Agent SubClassOf hasName exactly 1 xsd:string` <br />
Every Agent has exactly 1 Name.

## Observation
![image](/schema-diagrams/observation/observation.jpg)  

### Axioms
1. * `Observation SubClassOf hasFeatureOfInterest only Asteroid` <br />
The scoped range of hasFeatureOfInterest, scoped by Observation, is Asteroid.
2. * `Observation SubClassOf hasFeatureOfInterest exactly 1 Asteroid` <br />
Every Observation has exactly 1 Feature of Interest, which is an Asteroid.
3. * `Observation SubClassOf hasObservableProperty only ObservableProperty` <br />
The scoped range of hasObservableProperty, scoped by Observation, is ObservableProperty.
4. * `Observation SubClassOf hasObservableProperty exactly 1 ObservableProperty` <br />
Every Observation has exactly 1 ObservableProperty.
5. * `Observation SubClassOf hasResult exactly 1 Result` <br />
Every Observation has exactly 1 Result.
6. * `Observation SubClassOf EntityWithProvenance` <br />
Every Observation is an Entity With Provenance.
7. * `EconomicProperty SubClassOf ObservableProperty` <br />
Every EconomicProperty is an Observable Property.
8. * `OrbitalProperty SubClassOf ObservableProperty` <br />
Every OrbitalProperty is an Observable Property.
9. * `PhysicalProperty SubClassOf ObservableProperty` <br />
Every PhysicalProperty is an Observable Property.

## Result
![image](/schema-diagrams/result/result.jpg)

### Axioms
1. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityValue only QuantityValue` <br />
The scoped range of hasQuantityValue, scoped by Quantity, is QuantityValue.
2. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityKind only QuantityKind` <br />
The scoped range of hasQuantityKind, scoped by Quantity, is QuantityKind.
3. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityKind exactly 1 QuantityKind` <br />
Every Quantity has exactly 1 Quantity Kind.
4. *  `Result SubClassOf hasQuantity only Quantity` <br />
The scoped range of hasQuantity, scoped by Result, is Quantity.
5. *  `Quantity SubClassOf hasQuantityValue exactly 1 QuantityValue` <br />
Every Quantity has exactly 1 Quantity Value.
6. *  `Result SubClassOf hasQuantity exactly 1 Quantity` <br />
Every Result has exactly 1 Quantity.
7. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasNumericValue only xsd:double` <br />
The scoped range of hasNumericValue, scoped by QuantityValue, is an xsd:double.
8. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasNumericValue exactly 1 xsd:double` <br />
Every QuantityValue has exactly 1 Numeric Value.
9. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasUnit only Unit` <br />
The scoped range of hasUnit, scoped by QuantityValue, is Unit.
10. *  `QuantityValue SubClassOf hasUnit exactly 1 Unit` <br />
Every QuantityValue has exactly 1 Unit.
11. *  `Result SubClassOf  inverse (hasResult) exactly 1 (Observation or DistanceRecord)`
Every Result belongs to exactly 1 Observation or DistanceRecord.

### Remarks
* A result can be associated with a DistanceRecord or an Observation
