Deliverables/key-notions.md, before:

#  Key Notions
##  Identified Classes

###  Asteroid  
The domain of space objects are broken into three subcategories: Artificial Space Objects, Space Weather Phenomena, and Natural Space Objects.  Asteroids exist as a Natural Space Object where object can be further defined as a material object.  An Asteroid is represented by NASA as an object that orbits the sun of the Sol Solar System measuring 33 feet (10 meters) to 329 miles (530 kilometers).  For the SOL of Life, the only celestial body to be concerned with is Asteroid; therefore, the derived understanding begins with an OWL Thing consisting of multiple properties; such as, labeled naming conventions and quantitative measurable components of velocity, semi-major axis, and minimum orbit intersection distance.  Researchers have also predicted properties that benefit exomining operations such as the average profit gained after a mining excavation with consideration of the available valuable materials.  A subsumption is made for Asteroids into Near-Earth Asteroids when their semi-major axis measurement is within a threshold.

###  DistanceRecording
The end-goal of SOL of Life is to provide insight at a specific point of time for whether an Asteroid is within a means of distance for exomining companies to travel to for mineral extraction operations.  As such, the spatial coordinates of an Asteroid is less important than the actual distance from Earth, which acts as a baseline for exomining operations.  The distance from Earth is collected every quarter in a 10 year range.  

###  AsteroidClassification (rather simply Classification)
The derived elemental composition of an Asteroid is a prediction based from infrared readings as traveling to each individual asteroid remains an unrealistic task.  As such, infrared reflections and readings are compared for similarities against known Earth elements and denote the components from the Asteroid's surface.  The infrared data has been collected to formulate classifications based on similarity of readings.  SOL of Life utilizes the SMASS classification labels in order to connect an Asteroid to the predicted elemental composition.


##  Dataset
Source:  [SBDB](https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/tools/sbdb_query.html)  
- Asterank.com adopts from SBDB's dataset for individual celestial bodies among plenty of columns.  SOL of Life will contain a subset of the SBDB dataset to specify information on solely Asteroids.

Source:  [Sky Live](https://theskylive.com/)
- Historical and Predictive measurements of celestial bodies given their orbital trajectory can be recorded from the Sky Live tool.

##  DataTypes
Source:  [Unified Code for Units of Measure in RDF:  cdt:ucum](https://hal.science/hal-01885337/document)
Source: [rdfs: label](https://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label)
Source: [QUDT](https://www.qudt.org/)
Source: [DBOntology for Chemical Elements:  dbo:ChemicalElement](https://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalElement)

Commit message:

rewording key-notions with SOSA pattern

Deliverables/key-notions.md, after:

#  Key Notions
##  Identified Classes

###  Asteroid  
The domain of space objects are broken into three subcategories: Artificial Space Objects, Space Weather Phenomena, and Natural Space Objects.  Asteroids exist as a Natural Space Object where object can be further defined as a material object.  An Asteroid is represented by NASA as an object that orbits the sun of the Sol Solar System measuring 33 feet (10 meters) to 329 miles (530 kilometers).  For the SOL of Life, the only celestial body to be concerned with is Asteroid; therefore, the derived understanding begins with an OWL Thing consisting of multiple properties; such as, labeled naming conventions and quantitative measurable components of velocity, semi-major axis, and minimum orbit intersection distance.  Researchers have also predicted properties that benefit exomining operations such as the average profit gained after a mining excavation with consideration of the available valuable materials.  A subsumption is made for Asteroids into Near-Earth Asteroids when their semi-major axis measurement is within a threshold.  The SOSA pattern best reflects the usage of SOL of Life's knowledge graph with respect to the layer of Observations. Asteroids can be represented as a Feature of Interest with an Observation that has Observable Properties.  

###  ObservableProperty  
Data that is represented by an Asteroids can be described as Observations from the SOSA pattern which consists of the property that describes the observation along with the value attached.  The description of the property follows SOSA's ObservableProperty pattern, and the value follows SOSA's Result pattern.  With that in mind, the measurable data; such as, mass, velocity, and SMASII Classification, are represnted as an instance of a ObservableProperty.

###  DistanceRecording as an ObservableProperty  
The end-goal of SOL of Life is to provide insight at a specific point of time for whether an Asteroid is within a means of distance for exomining companies to travel to for mineral extraction operations.  As such, the spatial coordinates of an Asteroid is less important than the actual distance from Earth, which acts as a baseline for exomining operations.  The distance from Earth is collected every quarter in a 10 year range.  

###  AsteroidType as an ObservableProperty
The derived elemental composition of an Asteroid is a prediction based from infrared readings as traveling to each individual asteroid remains an unrealistic task.  As such, infrared reflections and readings are compared for similarities against known Earth elements and denote the components from the Asteroid's surface.  The infrared data has been collected to formulate classifications based on similarity of readings.  SOL of Life utilizes the SMASS classification labels in order to connect an Asteroid to the predicted elemental composition.


##  Dataset  
Source:  [SBDB](https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/tools/sbdb_query.html)  
- Asterank.com adopts from SBDB's dataset for individual celestial bodies among plenty of columns.  SOL of Life will contain a subset of the SBDB dataset to specify information on solely Asteroids.

Source:  [Sky Live](https://theskylive.com/)
- Historical and Predictive measurements of celestial bodies given their orbital trajectory can be recorded from the Sky Live tool.

##  DataTypes  
Source:  [Unified Code for Units of Measure in RDF:  cdt:ucum](https://hal.science/hal-01885337/document)
Source: [rdfs: label](https://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label)
Source: [QUDT](https://www.qudt.org/)
Source: [DBOntology for Chemical Elements:  dbo:ChemicalElement](https://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalElement)
