Deliverables/use-case.md, before:

# Narrative
I am summary text.  

1. Who do we support? (NASA? SpaceForce? Drilling Companies?)
2. What are their goals? (Celestial Body Observations? Mineral Composition?)
3. Why is making a KG interesting (or important) for the use-case?

#  Competency Questions
1. What are the top 5 minerals that can be found in the Apollo Asteroid Belt?  
2. What are the 10 closest asteroids that will be within 0.5 astronomical units from Earth in the next 24 months?
3. What are the 5 closest asteroids that contain iron?
4. What are the 3 most potentially profitable asteroids within 0.75au of Earth?  
5. When will 162173 Ryugu enter within 1au of Earth?
6. How long will 162173 Ryugu be within 1au of Earth?
7. When will a 162173 Ryugu exit a 1au range from Earth?
8. What is the estimated travel time to 162173 Ryugu?
9. Which 5 asteroids have the highest confidence of an accurate trajectory and are within 2au of Earth?
10. Based on current trajectory of 162173 Ryugu, can we accomplish the mining mission in 8 months?
11. How much planning time is available until the 162173 Ryugu is within 1au of Earth?

#  Potential Datasets
1. The Orbital Debris Ontology:  https://rrovetto.github.io/The-Orbital-Debris-Ontology/  
2. NASA Namespaces:  https://pds.nasa.gov/datastandards/training/documents/Namespaces%20in%20PDS4.pdf, https://pds.nasa.gov/
3. Asterank: https://www.asterank.com/
4. Astrology Ontology: https://www.astro.umd.edu/~eshaya/astro-onto/ontologies/astronomy.html
5. Publication Dataset:  https://www.astromat.org/collections/ucla-cosmochemistry-database/
6. NASA Small Body Database: https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/tools/sbdb_lookup.html#/  

# Space Ontology Resources:
1. Space Object Ontology:  https://philarchive.org/archive/ROVSOO
2. Ontology of Astronomical Object Types: https://www.ivoa.net/documents/Notes/AstrObjectOntology/20100117/NOTE-AstrObjectOntology-1.3-20100117.html
3. Space Orbital Trajectory Data: https://arxiv.org/vc/arxiv/papers/1704/1704.01014v1.pdf

# Other Space Resources
1. Space Mineralogy: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/  272521659_Mineralogy_and_Surface_Composition_of_Asteroids
2. https://astrothesaurus.org/

#  Contributors
* Brandon Dave
* Megan Noble
* Ryan Miller

Commit message:

Added Narrative section
We each contributed to the narrative, which is a rewrite that includes the best of each of our ideas.

Deliverables/use-case.md, after:

# Narrative
The rich minerals on Earth remain a non-renewable resource for humans as they continue to refine the currently available resources to build products from everyday use items to hardware for technological advances. Due to the limited availability of rich minerals, humans will eventually need to branch out from Earth to other planetary bodies for mineral excavations. SOL Of Life plans to support the missions of space exploration and research by providing a tool to query collected data of asteroids within Sol, our solar system. Users of our tool could range anywhere from government entities, researchers, analysts, other space research institutions, and space enthusiasts. 
The available research and data can be cumbersome to navigate through. A knowledge graph is interesting in the case of mining in space because it is an uncharted frontier. There are so many questions that are difficult to answer surrounding the viability and cost. A knowledge graph would provide a method for answering those questions without the need for a specialized analyst to go out and make the various connections themselves from the existing research and data.
Our focus is on asteroids that can be found within approximately 2AU of Earth because of their potential for containing valuable minerals and a wealth of existing data. As defined by NASA, an asteroid exists as a space rock that orbits the sun with a size between 10 meters and 530 kilometers. 
Open source data provided by researchers and institutions such as Neil deGrasse Tyson, NASA, and Space Force, can be re-purposed into a knowledge graph to provide insight into excavation missions. With all of the data gathered together, the knowledge graph helps to filter the information into a readable state. Data that includes celestial body mineralogy predicted from infrared readings combined with data of the body’s trajectory path could be used together for humans to plan space missions in order to send out spacecrafts for mining expeditions. We also hope to serve humans of Planet Earth against celestial bodies that may be on a course for impact into the planet.

#  Competency Questions
1. What are the top 5 minerals that can be found in the Apollo Asteroid Belt?  
2. What are the 10 closest asteroids that will be within 0.5 astronomical units from Earth in the next 24 months?
3. What are the 5 closest asteroids that contain iron?
4. What are the 3 most potentially profitable asteroids within 0.75au of Earth?  
5. When will 162173 Ryugu enter within 1au of Earth?
6. How long will 162173 Ryugu be within 1au of Earth?
7. When will a 162173 Ryugu exit a 1au range from Earth?
8. What is the estimated travel time to 162173 Ryugu?
9. Which 5 asteroids have the highest confidence of an accurate trajectory and are within 2au of Earth?
10. Based on current trajectory of 162173 Ryugu, can we accomplish the mining mission in 8 months?
11. How much planning time is available until the 162173 Ryugu is within 1au of Earth?

#  Potential Datasets
1. The Orbital Debris Ontology:  https://rrovetto.github.io/The-Orbital-Debris-Ontology/  
2. NASA Namespaces:  https://pds.nasa.gov/datastandards/training/documents/Namespaces%20in%20PDS4.pdf, https://pds.nasa.gov/
3. Asterank: https://www.asterank.com/
4. Astrology Ontology: https://www.astro.umd.edu/~eshaya/astro-onto/ontologies/astronomy.html
5. Publication Dataset:  https://www.astromat.org/collections/ucla-cosmochemistry-database/
6. NASA Small Body Database: https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/tools/sbdb_lookup.html#/  

# Space Ontology Resources:
1. Space Object Ontology:  https://philarchive.org/archive/ROVSOO
2. Ontology of Astronomical Object Types: https://www.ivoa.net/documents/Notes/AstrObjectOntology/20100117/NOTE-AstrObjectOntology-1.3-20100117.html
3. Space Orbital Trajectory Data: https://arxiv.org/vc/arxiv/papers/1704/1704.01014v1.pdf

# Other Space Resources
1. Space Mineralogy: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/  272521659_Mineralogy_and_Surface_Composition_of_Asteroids
2. https://astrothesaurus.org/

#  Contributors
* Brandon Dave
* Megan Noble
* Ryan Miller
